#summary Information on Testing Installation
#labels P-CT
[[http://code.google.com/p/llbbsc/wiki/CT CT] | [http://code.google.com/p/llbbsc/wiki/CTInstall Installation] | 
[http://code.google.com/p/llbbsc/wiki/CTUpgrade Upgrading] | 
[http://code.google.com/p/llbbsc/wiki/CTUsage Usage] | [http://code.google.com/p/llbbsc/wiki/CTCSSCustomization CSS Customization] | [http://code.google.com/p/llbbsc/wiki/CTTest Testing] | [http://code.google.com/p/llbbsc/wiki/CTThemeModification Theme Modification]]

= Introduction =

Many plugin users asked about why doesn't this plugin work. The reason could be various. Before you installing this plugin, it's better to ensure:
  * Your WordPress's version is the same as CT's developing environment. Check the `readme.txt` in the archive you downloaded.
  * You may need to use latest CT version, the problem you have may have been solved.

= First, Default and Classic Theme =

  * Please reset plugin's General Options and switch blog's theme to Default or Classic.
  * Go to the home page of you blog.
  * Is there a gray bar after each post?

If default or classic can work with CT, then you may need to [http://code.google.com/p/llbbsc/wiki/CTThemeModification modify your theme].

= Default and Classic Theme can't work with CT =

Try to deactivate plugins other than CT. Does CT work now? If so, then you need to find out which plugin conflicts with CT and report to [http://groups.google.com/group/llbbsc this group].

= Still not working =

Please try to read any errors in your web server's error log which generated right after you load a page of your blog. That page should have CT, for example your home page of blog.

Report the errors, WordPress version, PHP version, MySQL version to [http://groups.google.com/group/llbbsc this group].