#summary Install, Upgrade or Uninstall Gravatar Plugin
#labels P-Gravatar
[[http://code.google.com/p/llbbsc/wiki/GravatarPlugin Gravatar] | 
[http://code.google.com/p/llbbsc/wiki/GravatarPluginScreenshots Screenshots] |
[http://code.google.com/p/llbbsc/wiki/GravatarPluginIUU Install, Upgrade or Uninstall] | 
[http://code.google.com/p/llbbsc/wiki/GravatarPluginCustomization Customization] |
[http://code.google.com/p/llbbsc/wiki/GravatarPluginUsage Usage]]

=Installation=


==Basic Steps==

  * Upload `Gravatar` directory to `my-plugins`.
  * Activate it.

==Theme Modifications==

The following assumes using *Kakumei*. You may need to make you own if you use different theme.

===`post.php` and `style.css`===
line 2 in `post.php`
{{{
<p><strong><?php post_author_link(); ?></strong><br />
  <small><?php post_author_title(); ?></small></p>
}}}
Add a line like
{{{
<p><strong><?php post_author_link(); ?></strong><br />
  <?php GAImageLink() ?><br />
  <small><?php post_author_title(); ?></small></p>
}}}

Add a new style to `style.css`
{{{
#thread .post {
    min-height: 64px;
    }
}}}

You can also add your own styles, and apply `class` to `GAImage()` (Read Usage section for more detail or next subsection for an example).

===`profile.php`===

You can add a bigger avatar in profile page. Insert a line code before `<?php bb_profile_data(); ?>`, that looks like
{{{
<?php GAImage(0, 80, 'border: 1px solid gold', 'right'); ?>
<?php bb_profile_data(); ?>
}}}
Where `right` is a preset class in *Kakumei*. It is `float: right`.
=Upgrading=

This secion will tell you, do you need to upgrade and anything you have to pay attention while upgrading.

==0.1.x to 0.2==
  * Deactivate 0.1.x
  * Remove 0.1.x
  * Upload 0.2 (Since 0.2, it has its own folder)
  * Activate 0.2

=Uninstalltion=

From version 0.2, Gravatar plugin allows you to remove all settings (including data in usermeta) for plugin as well as deactivation of plugin.

  * Go to Options page.
  * Click "Deactivate Plugin" at "Management" section.